well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about a message to medical professionals
and one from them we're going to start
with the message to them because you
guys are stressed you don't have a lot
of time and y'all are on the front lines
right now thank you by the way okay so
you may find yourself counting yourself
as lucky because you have found out you
have prior service military in your
hospital or clinic or facility and they
just have a wealth of knowledge about
the most pressing issue of the day
alternatively you may be counting
yourself less than lucky because all of
a sudden your prior service military
well their attitudes have changed their
language has become more coarse their
posture has changed they have become to
put it nicely a little more direct I try
to sit shed some light on what's going
on true story my wife gets off the plane
there is no hospital there's no medical
facility just flat land they have to
build it so they put up the tents they
bring in the beds they they set up a
mobile medical facility the second day I
think that she's there heard some other
nurses they're sitting around this table
outside in the baking Sun eating lunch
out of a bag MREs bad-guy in the
facility has somebody captured security
forces runs up screaming at him put it
down put it down
all of a sudden an RT respiratory
therapist she rounds the back corner of
this tent bang she actually says bang
because it's a training exercise
in the civilian world because it's
profit-motivated you don't have
intensive training like that because
it's expensive it is expensive
you have tabletop where you have
role-playing and room and the scenario
presented is probably a 50-car pileup or
a plane crash or something like that
this scenario what's happening right now
is one of the scenarios used to Train it
in the military when they show up they
have to build the facility first the
whole time best weapon mask they have to
build it then beds come in mannequins
sometimes live tissue models the entire
time the instructors are throwing stuff
at them trying to get them to mess up
parts of the facility become destroyed
even during patient care you know crazy
things happen it's incredibly stressful
it is incredibly intense that level of
intensity breeds a lot of confidence in
the subject matter at the same time it
does create a certain posture so what's
happening is now that they're being
called upon to access that training and
access that expertise they're following
they're falling back into those
mannerisms into that attitude so you're
going to get a lot of language like
course language I know ER nurses are
rolling their eyes right now probably a
lot of gallows humor they're going to be
more direct their postures change I saw
a doctor leaned into somebody keep going
like this the prior service watching
this they have no idea what was said but
they know the person she was talking to
was in trouble it's the cost it's the
cost of having somebody on hand that
might be able to MacGyver a negative
pressure room and if you're in hospital
administration and you are unaware of
this you should probably be going
through your HR files right now because
you may have people in your Hospital
where in your facility that are being
underutilized they trained for this ok
so now the message from the medical
professionals first and foremost it's an
ER ER stands for emergency room
emergency being the key word it's not
advising people not to seek medical
treatment
it's advising to be aware of what an
emergency is understand that when you go
there you get triaged ok it's not
first-come first-serve
it's whose life is most at risk that's
who those back-first
if you go there and you're not having a
genuine emergency number one you're
going to wait a long time number two
you're wasting resources one of the big
concerns right now is overwhelming the
medical infrastructure so take careful
stock of whether or not it's it's an
emergency
the other side to this is when you're
there understand the door that you came
in that's only one of the doors that
leads back there there's the other door
with the ha with the ambulances those
people are probably going to be more
emergent they're going to be seen before
you it's not first-come first-serve so
stop yelling at the lady at the desk ok
so if you go to visit somebody who is
down with what's going around right now
yeah it would probably be advisable to
limit it to one person and that person
should be the person who is
designated to have medical information
released to them or to make end-of-life
decisions that sort of thing you want
you don't want to overwhelm the medical
infrastructure okay when you go into
your visit you're gonna be gound up
they're gonna give you all kinds of
stuff to protect you you can't leave the
room with it this is something that that
that is a that needs to be discussed you
can't leave the room with it it has to
stay away you can't walk around the
hospital with this it has to come off
what that also means is when you go in
for your visit go in have your visit
leave don't come in and out because
every time you come in and out that
stuff has to come off and you have to
get new stuff it's wasting resources
don't overwhelm medical infrastructure
follow the guidance of the medical
professionals that you see you came to
them saying that it's a hoax
or that it's really just the flu is
probably not going to elicit a good
response they are going to assume that
you're going to be non-compliant with
your treatment they are operating under
the best practices as as handed to them
by the CDC in the World Health
Organization they're not your enemy okay
so you have that the next thing to
understand is that they are incredibly
stressed there's a lot of uncertainty
they are on the front line and they're
they're gonna be finding an uphill
battle it hasn't even hit yet and and
the stress is already there so take that
into account they may have a less
pleasant that side manner they may be a
little slower getting a turkey sandwich
or ice or whatever their main job right
now
their main patient is all of society
they've got a lot on their plate so cut
them some slack okay so aside from that
wash your hands practice social
distancing do what the medical
professionals tell you to do and I guess
stay out of Red Robin anyway it's just a
thought y'all y'all have a good night